Privacy Policy for WhatsApp Direct Chat

Effective Date: 26 May 2024

1. Introduction

Welcome to WhatsApp Direct Chat! We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at alexcodeapp@gmail.com.

2. Information We Collect

As you use our app, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy. Our app does not require you to provide any personal information. The app allows you to initiate WhatsApp chats without storing contact details in your device. No personal data is collected, stored, or shared by the app.

3. How We Use Your Information

Since our app does not collect personal information, there is no usage of personal data for any purposes such as:

Personalizing user experience
Improving our app
Communicating with users
Enhancing security measures
Conducting analytics
4. Third-Party Services

WhatsApp Direct Chat may require you to have WhatsApp installed on your device; however, we do not interact with WhatsApp Inc. directly nor share any information with them through the app. Any data shared through WhatsApp will be subject to WhatsApp’s own privacy policy.

5. Security

We strive to protect the security of your information as much as possible. However, remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

6. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

7. Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at alexcodeapp@gmail.com.
